[+DOC] Add Session Settings Link (#126026)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/security/session-management.asciidoc

When your session expires, or you log out, {kib} will invalidate your cookie and remove session information from the index. {kib} also periodically invalidates and removes any expired sessions that weren't explicitly invalidated.

> To manage user sessions programmatically, {kib} exposes <<session-management-api, session management APIs>>. For more settings, see <<security-settings-kb.html#security-session-and-cookie-settings,session and cookie settings>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manage user sessions programmatically, {kib} exposes <<session-management-api, session management APIs>>. For details, check out <<security-session-and-cookie-settings, Session and cookie settings>>.
```

Reviewer: This should fix the docs build error.
